(That night after the date at an amusement park)
(The landlord sits down on the sofa as soon as he gets home.)
Jung Won.
Is she sleeping?
(Jung Won is...)
(writing something with all her heart that she can't even hear him.)
(He's about to watch some movie.)
(He didn't search for movies. He's looking up Jung Won.)
(He's being serious.)
(He's searching on Jung Won from the very past.)
You can't do this to me even if you hate me.
This can't be changed by someone.
- Seung Soo. - Yes?
What are you doing?
I was searching for your past dramas.
(Embarrassed)
The amusement park was actually fun and unique.
- It was fun, wasn't it? - Yes, it was.
So what is your wish?
(Seung Soo had to grant Jung Won's wish if she scored over 50 points.)
If you can't score, I'll make a wish.
- It's started. - Goodness. That can't happen.
It was close!
I'll make a wish.
You do have a wish.
- My wish? - Yes.
I have a wish.
You can't suddenly ask me to dance here.
I hate those kinds.
You can't dance?
No, I mean, everyone can't just dance when asked to dance.
But do you dance at all?
I learned to dance a very long time ago because of my work.
What kind of dance did you learn?
My role was a club dancer.
My wish is that you dance like a clubber.
- Yes, club dances! - No!
What's wrong?
- What's wrong? - Don't do this to me.
What drama was it?
It was "All In".
- It was during "All In"? - Yes.
(The drama "All In" was aired in 2003.)
(Her role as a club dancer was shocking.)
Tell me some other wish.
My wish is to watch that scene.
- Stop it. - Why?
- Don't do that. - What's wrong?
- "All In". - No, don't do it.
- Don't do it. - Choi Jung Won in "All In".
- Seung Soo, stop it. - Club dances.
- What's wrong? - You don't have to watch it.
Are you going to show me the dance if you won't let me watch it?
- No. - What?
Then truthfully...
tell me.
You have to make me move.
Seung Soo, I'll just live here.
(Seung Soo, I'll just live here.)
(Taken aback)
- Say it. - Hold on.
But I can't guarantee it.
I'm saying that...
- it's my wish. - How can that be your wish?
- You're mischievous. - But that's my wish!
You have to say this with all your heart.
You have to say it like you mean it, so I can buy it.
Say it with all your heart.
I'll have to be in a mood then.
You have to say it like you mean it,
so that I can fall for your words.
Your wish is a very difficult one.
That's exactly why it's my wish.
- Are you going to be okay? - Of course!
I'm totally fine. Say it whenever you're ready.
Really?
(Scene 1: "Moving-in Isn't Easy")
- Seung Soo. - Yes?
- Seung Soo. - Yes.
I really want to live here.
Can I live here, please?
I don't think you mean it at all.
I told you to move me, not annoy me.
What I did was from the bottom of my heart.
No, it wasn't.
You didn't mean it at all.
If you can't say it, I'll look for that clip.
Choi Jung Won's club Dance.
(Hold on.)
Seung Soo.
It's because I'm nervous.
I want to live here.
I'm already used to this place.
(He's laughing out loud.)
You really need to control your mind now.
This is my kitchen.
I'll miss this place so much if I leave.
I'll miss that clock as well.
(He's searching for the dance clip.)
How can you search for it while I'm acting?
Okay. I got this.
I've found it!
I can just stop you from watching it.
- What's wrong? - I'll stop you from watching it.
(You can't watch that clip.)
This is fun.
You're using force on me!
Why is this taking so long to load?
(Still loading)
Decide if you want me to watch this or you are going to say that.
I told you I was trying...
- to concentrate. - Are you?
- I'm trying. - Okay, I'll wait.
(Actress Choi is trying to get the mood.)
(He's feeling sorry.)
The lighting is too bright. Let's dim it a bit.
(Director Kim is controlling the light.)
The lighting is too bright for me to say such things.
I'll dim it a bit.
How's this?
(The living room got darker than before.)
(The kitchen light is off too.)
(Director Kim is ready.)
(Actress Choi is set to act.)
(Scene 2: "Moving-in Isn't Easy")
(Jung Won is walking to Seung Soo.)
(She's sitting next to him as if she has something to say.)
Seung Soo.
Yes? What is it?
(Seung Soo looks at Jung Won while pretending to be clueless.)
What is it?
I don't know if I should tell you this.
What is it? Just talk to me.
It's really hard for me to say it.
What is it? Are you uncomfortable?
Gosh, I can't bring myself to tell you this.
Come on. Just tell me what it is. Don't be nervous.
I guess this is really a hard thing to do.
Come on. What is this about?
Honestly, I am really nervous.
Despite my nervousness, it took me a lot of guts to tell you this.
(Seung Soo looks at Jung Won with worry.)
You're making me nervous. What is it? What is this about?
I...
Yes?
I want to continue living here.
(I want to continue living here.)
In my house?
With me?
Not necessarily. You don't have to live here.
Without me?
Seung Soo, think about it. Hold on.
Living with you wasn't part of your wish.
There wasn't a line that I had to say I wanted to live with you.
Aren't I right? Right?
(They could make it happen since both are actors.)
In my opinion,
he wanted to know how it felt...
to hear the line from a woman...
he might meet in the future.
It was like a practice.
Never in my life...
had I had a chance to hear such a line.
So I was curious to find out...
how I would feel if I heard something like that from a woman.
That's why I asked her...
to take my wish seriously and say the line like she meant it.
Gosh, is living with me that hard? Is it?
- It's not that. - Do you have to brace yourself...
that much to say that? I got it.
No, no, Seung Soo. When I act...
Pay me the rest of your rent.
(Jung Won only gave him a part of the rent on her first day.)
(She will pay the rest depending on her satisfaction level.)
Actually, I was going to give you the rest.
- Give me my rent. - Seung Soo.
- I'm going to raise the rent. - No, don't.
- I'll double the rent. - Actually, I was going to...
- Ta-da. - What?
Is it the rest of the rent?
As you know, this is an optional.
But I think yesterday and today...
- You deserve it. - Really?
Yes. Don't take it if you don't want it.
No, no, no.
I really enjoyed spending yesterday and today with you too.
But it looks like you're trying to use money to get rid of me.
- No, Seung Soo. - It's been nice.
This is a token of my gratitude.
- Is it? - Yes.
Okay. Did you enjoy your stay? Was it all right?
I wrote about that on a separate letter.
- You wrote a letter? - Yes.
I was going to leave it in the room without your knowing.
- But it seems like I couldn't. - Really?
Read this when I'm gone, Seung Soo.
- When you leave? - I ran out of room.
I had a lot to write about.
You had a lot you wanted to say to me?
(Corners of his mouth lift.)
- I'm looking forward to reading it. - Don't do that.
- Here you go. - Thank you. Gosh.
It was fun.
- Thank you. - Sure.
Gosh, I'm making money.
I make a living with my properties.
Is there anything you'd like to eat?
Seung Soo, we forgot something today.
We have to get our kimchi evaluated.
Hold on. Let me bring my phone.
(Seung Soo suggested making kimchi for winter as his condition.)
(Jung Won suggested making a lot...)
(to share the kimchi with their acquaintances.)
(Chefs on a TV show complimented kimchi Seung Soo made.)
To whom did you send it?
To my sister.
- To your sister? - Yes.
(She's calling her sister, Jung Min.)
I hope your sister likes salty food.
Yes, Jung Won.
- Jung Min. - Yes?
Hey, it's me.
I got your kimchi.
Okay, okay.
I have the landlord, Mr. Kim Seung Soo with me.
Hello.
- Hi. - Hey, there.
So I heard you received the kimchi today?
Yes, I did.
- So have you tried it yet? - Not yet.
- You haven't? - You haven't tried it yet?
- I only smelled it. - Okay.
I didn't want to eat it yet.
Should I try it now?
- Can you? Can you taste it now? - Right.
Okay, but kimchi looks really white.
(This is the kimchi they sent to Jung Min.)
(Feeling embarrassed)
- Let me taste one. - Okay.
(She'll evaluate after tasting it.)
(Laughing)
(She can only smile.)
Thank you for it.
You laugh like that when you eat delicious food, right?
I think she does.
It sounds like she loves our kimchi.
I bet it's to her liking. Aren't I right?
Jung Min, doesn't it make you laugh?
- This thing... - Yes?
"This thing".
We should say this is pickled Napa cabbages.
It's not that it's bad.
We should stir-fry this.
Does it need to be cooked?
Yes. I think it'd be tastier if we cook it more...
with other sauce.
I see. I'd be glad if you can eat it somehow.
Seung Soo is trying to make a business out of kimchi.
Don't you think acting will be more profitable?
I will focus on my career,
but I'll run this as a side job.
No, I think you were born to be an actor.
Okay. Anyway...
- Both of you... - Yes?
- are actors. - Right.
I personally think you two should continue on that road.
- Jung Min. He made all the sauce. - Okay.
But you're a horrible cook.
Is she a horrible cook?
No, I'm a good cook when I put my mind to it. What's wrong with you?
Did you see how she moves her hands?
Her fingers are thin and long.
(When they were making kimchi,)
(she was quite slow in mixing the stuffing with cabbages.)
(But she did a thorough job.)
I'll tell her to focus on acting.
I should focus on my acting.
- Okay. - Have fun living together.
Okay, sure. Thank you.
- Good luck. - Thanks.
- Bye. - Bye.
She only had one bite.
She referred our kimchi as "thing".
"This thing is..."
My eyelids feel so heavy.
Right, right. Both your body and mind...
- must have grown weak. - It was...
It was really fun, Seung Soo.
There's a price to pay for fun.
Go inside, and sleep tight.
(Seung Soo reads the letter Jung Won wrote in his room.)
She wrote a lot.
"We got to spend Christmas together,"
"and because I spent it with you, this year's Christmas was special."
"Thank you for your warm welcome..."
"and helping me feel at home."
"It was a comfortable stay, and I had a wonderful time here."
"P.S. Seung Soo, don't take in too much salt!"
(Her letter warms his heart.)
(Jung Won is thinking about whether to choose "Yes" or "No".)
(She paces back and forth in the room.)
(She gives it a lot of thought for a long time.)
(What is her decision?)
My housemate, Choi Jung Won.
Personally, I think that...
I'm not an easy or simple person to live with.
There were a lot of times that she was considerate of me.
I'm very grateful for that.
I already think that I'm going to...
feel lonely when I'm alone now.
I also feel that we have gotten close...
to each other over a short period of time.
(What is Seung Soo's decision?)
(Their feelings are mutual, and their cohabitation is renewed.)
(New housemates show up.)
(I'll be the center of this show!)
(Their popularity is monstrous.)
(Center of the new sensation)
(Wanna One, the most sought-after idol group)
(They topped various music charts.)
(Now, they are on My Unexpected Housemate.)
- All I want to do, Wanna One. Hi. - All I want to do, Wanna One. Hi.
I'm Kang Daniel of Wanna One.
I'm Ong Seong Woo.
I'm Kim Jae Hwan.
Our accomplished dreams and support from our fans...
make every day a happy day for us.
However, just like people at our age,
we want to have fun and go on trips too.
So we are on our way to find our housemates...
who will hang out with us!
- Let's go! - Let's go!
Gosh, it's the van.
Okay.
I have never been on this vehicle.
- I... - Same here.
saw this truck passing by.
I saw this truck in front of herbal tonic clinics a lot.
I knew it. Daniel is strong.
Should we take this to the back seats?
- Please help me. Help. - Hold on.
(Daniel loads their luggage for them.)
- Okay! - Okay!
All right. To whose house are we going?
- Hello. - Hi.
- Hi. - Hey.
- Thank you for the ride. - Thank you.
- Hello. - Thank you for the ride.
- We'll get going now. - Okay.
(They set out.)
I hope we'll find...
great friends this year.
I hope our master is kind. Our master?
- "Our master"? - Wait. That came out wrong.
- I hope we get... - Master.
- Landlord. - a kind landlord.
- Isn't that right? - We can be the landlord's pets.
We'll be noisy, jump around, and mess up the house.
"Master, I want to jump around."
Great, great.
I'll bark to be fed.
I'd bark for food.
I'll ask him to catch the bugs.
- Where are we going, by the way? - I don't know.
We don't even know whom we are meeting and where we are going.
What if the landlord is scary?
Like Ma Dong Seok?
Or someone like Lee Gyeong Gyu.
Gosh, I really enjoyed watching them.
- I just had a wild thought. - What is it?
What if it turns out to be our dormitory?
No way.
What if the rest of our members are waiting for us?
Then I would sort of hate this show.
I would hate My Unexpected Housemate.
I'm really curious about the landlord.
I bet the landlord is excited.
I think he would be cleaning the house.
I think he would be organizing things...
and spraying the room.
(Spraying the room)
(Daniel predicted it precisely.)
(The landlord who is spraying a room fragrance around his house...)
(is comedian Yoon Jeong Soo.)
I am Yoon Jeong Soo, and I've been a comedian for 27 years.
People say this is my second heyday.
But I am terrified of free days as I've been bankrupt before.
Will I be able to find peace of mind...
if I get a housemate?
So today, I am getting a housemate.
(The doorbell rings.)
Who is it?
(Is my housemate finally here?)
Do you have a spare room?
(Someone's voice comes from the outside.)
It's a guy.
Wait, please.
(Jeong Soo is disappointed.)
(He goes outside.)
Do you know whose house this is?
(The man waiting outside is...)
I think I recognize your voice.
(The equally disappointed tenant is Yook Joong Wan.)
I am the singer Yook Joong Wan...
who used to live in a rooftop apartment with dirty pillows.
I am going to get sick.
I've been married for three years, and I've never been happier.
But I want to be freed from my wife...
even just for a day so that I can eat as much as I want...
and spend as much as I want.
So today,
I will make a bold attempt to escape from home.
He's someone I know.
(He recognizes the landlord.)
The voice sounds familiar.
Should we say bye here?
Who is it? I can't open the door. Hold on.
(The tenant doesn't want to go inside the house,)
(and the landlord doesn't want to open the door.)
(Finally, the door opens.)
(Who is it?)
I know who he is.
(Just go back inside.)
(The tenant refuses to enter.)
What was that?
I am not that happy either.
I was just joking.
Am I older than you?
Am I older?
Who do you think I am?
You sound like Yoon Jeong Soo.
Do I know you?
(The landlord doesn't recognize voices well.)
Why don't you take a look?
(He moves his hand.)
(Jeong Soo sees him.)
(He ends up looking away.)
(He pays Joong Wan back.)
Please open the door.
- This is upsetting. - Jeong Soo.
Stop it. This is not funny.
My gosh.
Don't do this to me.
(He's annoyed.)
Come in. Hurry up and come in.
- Hello. - Welcome.
Hurry up. Why did you bring so much?
Come in.
I came for a healing experience. So I packed a lot of things.
Why would you want to leave home?
You're unbelievable.
My gosh.
Come in first. Come in.
It's nice to meet you.
- Welcome. - Hello.
Yook Bong Dal. What am I saying?
- My name is Joong Wan. - Yes, Joong Wan.
- Have a seat. - Yes.
- Did you use this suitcase... - Yes?
outside?
I am sorry.
When you get into my house, you need to tie your hair.
Okay.
My eyes are too good that I keep seeing hair.
I can see the female crew member with long hair.
If she leaves like that she's going to shed a lot.
(He's very tidy.)
I am very tidy, you see.
I am very messy.
- Thank you. - You should stop being messy.
Lack of discipline got me here.
(He makes a joke out of his experience.)
- I will wipe it. - I am sorry.
Wait.
You don't have to wipe the floor.
- Really? Okay. - Just the wheels.
(They clean the suitcase.)
I realized that it was going to be tough.
He was too neat.
I was worried that I would shed my hair.
We don't mix well in that aspect.
- This is amazing. - This is amazing.
(They arrive.)
I am so excited.
My heart is beating, me likey
Likey, likey, likey
Pitter patter pitter patter Pitter patter
(They dance to it too.)
This is a nice place.
It's like a celebrity's house.
- We're here. - We're here.
- We're here. - It's written here.
"My Unexpected Housemate".
(They get off the elevator with much anticipation.)
(The elevator door closes.)
(He got left behind.)
You came early.
Why did you come so late?
The traffic was bad.
(They make a great team.)
Should I press the bell? Should I?
Should I? I will do it now.
- I can't. - You already pressed it.
- Did I press it? - You did.
I want to rest for a day. Since I got married...
(The doorbell rings.)
(They're surprised.)
Aren't you the only one?
(Is there another person?)
(They become very worried.)
- I am hesitant to open the door. - Please wait.
Please wait.
Hello, sir.
- Sir. - Sir.
He sounds quite scary.
Do you have a spare room?
- It's a man. - is it a man again?
(They are disappointed even before opening the door.)
This show is a scam.
They said they'd let me rest.
Wait.
- Okay. - Okay.
He sounds hot-tempered.
- He sounds scary. - He sounds hot-tempered.
Let's go back down.
Really?
We should look for another room.
(I want to do what I want.)
Pretend this is your house, and open the door.
Should I pretend I live here?
Pretend this is your house.
- I will... - Okay.
I will put on a mask.
I will wear a mask.
(It's a mask, not a bag.)
Who is it?
We are Wanna One.
What?
- We are Wanna One. - We are Wanna One.
Who?
(He's very naughty.)
Should we greet him formally?
- We've come to rent a room. - 2, 3.
- All I want to do is Wanna One. - All I want to do is Wanna One.
- Hello, we are Wanna One. - Hello, we are Wanna One.
(No way!)
It's Wanna One.
(What?)
I think we should be serving them.
Serve them?
Let's see how many they are.
(They run to the door.)
Wait.
(They rush to the door.)
I wanted to meet them.
But I don't think this is the way to meet.
I wanted to meet them at a shoot and have a nice conversation.
"Hello. I am Yoon Jeong Soo."
"I've wanting to meet you."
They came to my house.
(The door opens.)
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
(It's a celebrity.)
It's Wanna One.
Hello.
Welcome. It's nice to meet you.
- Hello. - Hello.
(They are amazed.)
- Excuse us. - Excuse us.
Come in. It's nice to meet you.
We met recently...
- at an awards ceremony. - Hello.
There's a view of the sea...
I mean Han River.
Yes. You've seen this house on TV, haven't you?
I have.
- I love it. - Do you like it?
Will you...
- bring your suitcases? - Yes.
(Bags?)
You're popular among girls,
but you are just little brothers here.
- Bring it one by one. - Okay.
Whose suitcase is this?
- This is mine. - It's Seong Woo's.
Seong Hoon?
- Seong Woo. - What's your last name?
- It's Ong. - Ong Seong Woo. Yes.
- Seong Woo. - Yes.
- Put it sideways. - Okay.
- We will help you clean. - Okay.
Let them help.
I have to check it first.
(Even Wanna One can't be exempted.)
- The house is so tidy. - Yes.
- I am sorry to do this... - I am trying to grasp it.
as soon as you came.
(The cleaning began as soon as they met.)
When we brought in the suitcase,
he wiped the wheels.
I think he's very neat.
- You can see this in the morning. - You can see the river.
It's amazing that he's got the view of the Han River.
(Looking around)
This is the game room.
This is really a game room.
(He has everything set up.)
(He's very satisfied.)
This is my dream.
(The elder men are worried.)
They are so popular that I can't treat them poorly.
(He's frustrated.)
This is amazing.
I know.
This view is even nicer.
How does it feel to have the view of Han River?
I just check if there's traffic or not.
(It will be fun to watch them living in the same house.)
- Let's go over the contract. - Yes.
Have a seat. Here are my terms.
If you have long hair, you must tie your hair.
Long hair?
- Because you can shed. - Yes.
But nobody seems to have long hair.
You have short hair.
(His eyes are fixed at Joong Wan.)
- We have short hair. - I...
I'm slightly balding.
So I lose a lot of hair.
You should understand it.
Of course. I understand.
If you do that, I'll look like a strange man.
I exist in my own world.
You have to...
get used to this.
We have to understand each other.
Don't do anything on your own in my house.
You might break something while doing that.
- Right. - Ask me to help you.
- Let's go out. - Why?
How can we live in a house like this?
It's...
How can we live in a place like this?
It's a little uncomfortable.
Don't do anything on your own.
Jeong Soo. You're making Daniel uncomfortable.
Edit it out, or I'll be in trouble.
(It was a joke.)
It hasn't been long since things started working out for me.
- No. - Don't be like this.
Scrub my back.
- This one, I... - I...
"Push my back."
- It's not pushing. It's scrubbing. - "Pushing."
Why would you push?
(Pushing)
My back's itchy sometimes, but my hand can't reach it.
Of course, I could use a tool,
but it's not satisfying.
But if someone could scrub my back for me,
it'll be so nice.
It could be dirty,
- but I'll get soaked. - "Soaked."
Let's play the ladder for this.
- Sure. - I want to do this.
My condition is to leave the apartment...
and enhance immune system.
What do you mean by leaving the apartment?
I want to go somewhere with fresh air...
and spend a night there.
- Like a pension. - Yangpyeong or Gapyeong.
That's good.
- It's good. Right? - Yes.
- Somewhere like that. - Gapyeong is...
Yes.
You should go there with your girlfriend.
(My goodness.)
Why? What about it?
- I... - How old are you?
I'm 24.
- You can talk about women. - Of course.
- You? - I'm 23.
- 23. - I'm also 23.
- Then you can... - Of course.
- talk about women. - We can talk about women.
You can talk about your girlfriends.
We can talk about women in the pension and have soju.
- I don't drink. - You don't?
- It's just you. - I love drinking.
- You do? - I love it.
We can drink.
- I heard you love to drink. - Really?
His peach... What's that called?
- "Bongsugi". How can you say peach? - "Bongsugi".
Boksungi. I mean, "Bongsugi".
- That's also about drinking. - Tequila.
It's about drinking tequila together.
- Then now... - Let's look at your conditions.
- Yes. - Yes.
- We wrote one each. - Really?
Seong Woo wrote, "I want to eat home cooking."
Galbi is one of my favorite foods.
- Galbi? - So I bought galbi.
- Really? - I like it marinated.
Each of us bought what we want to eat.
- I bought kimchi fried rice. - I bought cheonggukjang.
Unbelievable. Cheonggukjang?
- I don't like cooking because... - Okay.
I don't want the house to smell.
I'll try my best to put up with them, but I'll be irritated.
I'll be annoyed.
- In Jeong Soo's house? - He likes cheonggukjang.
Go eat it in Sinsa-dong. It's close.
- They sell cheonggukjang there. - But...
- he wants home cooking. - It will make the house smell nice.
- What about galbi? - Let's eat cheonggukjang.
- Let's eat cheonggukjang. - Is the galbi marinated?
- Is galbi... - We have to grill it.
It's raw.
It'll emit smoke.
Let's eat galbi too.
It's nice to have you here.
- You look happy. - I am happy.
You look happy all of a sudden.
I thought it was just going to be me and him.
- Jae Hwan wants to run and play? - Yes.
You're an adult. Why do you want to run around and play?
I didn't have many opportunities to run around.
Right.
- We should go out. - Yes.
Daniel said, "Catch the bug for me."
Yes. I hate bugs.
I fall in love with people who catch bugs.
You fall in love with them?
I really do.
- I'm not afraid of bugs. - Me neither.
- Don't worry. - I'll do it for you.
Are there bugs in your house?
- There's barely any. - Awesome.
I'm the biggest bug here.
Give it to the landlord.
- Thank you. - Here.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Thank you.
Don't take it out. Don't play tricks.
You'll lose your hand.
Don't play tricks, and hand it over now.
This is nice. This is heavy.
- Let's sign it. - Okay.
- I... - Yes.
went bankrupt after...
- signing a bad contract. - Right.
- So... - You need to be careful.
You need to be careful. Whenever I make a contract...
- I also seal between pages. - Pardon?
- I stamp between pages. - Really?
That's what you're supposed to do when you write a contract.
- You're detailed. - Of course.
- Goodness. - Here.
(The landlord stamps first.)
And here.
I haven't seen a thumbprint in a long time.
Then I'm going to stamp here.
You know what to do exactly.
Let's do it now.
- You need to follow it. - Of course.
- Take a stamp, - You'll be in trouble.
- and here too. - Yes.
I didn't know how many are coming,
so I haven't assigned the rooms yet.
Do you have five rooms?
What?
I should get my own room for the amount I paid.
- I paid 200 dollars. - We each paid 200 dollars.
- I paid 300 dollars. - Take it, and leave.
Take it, and leave. I don't need it.
- Then I'll take it, and leave. - Hey.
- Let's leave. - Hey. I'm sorry. I lost my temper.
We work together.
- Shall we start with cheonggukjang? - Hold on.
I got a text.
- You got a text? - From the real estate agent.
How did the contract go?
Now you can enjoy cheonggukjang.
- Let's make cheonggukjang. - Let's make cheonggukjang.
Stop joking.
We're not that close. Don't fool me.
You did fool me for real.
(You did fool me for real.)
Gosh. You guys.
(Crying)
- Aren't you hot? - I'm fine.
Take your clothes off. Why are you wearing so much inside the house?
You can have soda if you want.
- Really? - Of course.
- I want coke. - Help yourselves.
Help yourselves.
- It's like... - It's all in order.
- It's all in order. - you have a disorder.
I can't believe it.
- Yet... - It's amazing.
You can have nurungji.
- Amazing. - It's nurungji.
- It's black rice. - Is this nurungji?
It's so old-fashioned.
We paid 1,000 dollars all together, and he's feeding us nurungji.
I actually...
There's always someone who ruins it.
- It's good. - Amazing.
It's making a mess.
It's tasty.
(Everyone's enjoying it.)
What do we do now?
- Change to something comfortable. - Right.
- Do you want my clothes? - Goodness.
(Daniel's startled.)
(His eyes are shaking.)
(He's walking on eggshells.)
(Did you just drop food on my floor?)
(He's in a rush.)
It's fine. Drop as much as you want.
- I'm sorry. - It's fine. Don't pick it up.
Don't do that.
What are you popular guys doing?
- Come here. You paid a lot of rent. - Right.
It's fine. You can spill.
Go ahead, and spill.
It's fine. Go ahead, and spill.
Hey. You can spill. It's fine.
It's all right.
I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable.
- I'm sorry. - Hey.
You're probably careful everywhere you go.
You should make yourselves home here.
You need to do something about your hair.
Let's clean up.
I had no choice.
I'm swayed by popularity.
What do you want me to do?
- They're hungry. - Right. We haven't eaten.
- We're very hungry. - Sure.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
I never said I would cook for you.
We should do it together.
(He's spilling food again.)
Kimchi fried rice, cheonggukjang and galbi.
- Where's the food you brought? - Here.
Those are ingredients for kimchi fried rice.
- I see. - This is cheonggukjang.
Awesome.
This is galbi.
There's skin too.
People who want to rest, rest.
People who want to help me, help me.
I want to make kimchi fried rice.
- You want to make it? - Yes.
I'm confident in making it.
Does anyone know how to make cheonggukjang?
I know how to make cheonggukjang.
I'll make cheonggukjang.
- I'll grill the meat. - Okay then.
I'll be an assistant.
You can go rest.
You want me to go rest? I need to watch.
I'm afraid of what you're going to do.
Watch us then.
(They start with checking the refrigerator.)
- There's whelk. - That looks delicious.
(He's hosting an eating show alone.)
That's mango. Do you want some?
- Is it ice cream? - No.
- It's frozen mango. - It's frozen.
- Really? - Really?
I'm sure we can eat anything we want.
Of course. Eat just one.
- Here. - "Just one."
- You can take nurungji with you. - Okay.
- There's a lot. - Take it with you.
You're the men of the night.
- Take it with you. - Thank you.
- It's really tasty. - You mean nurungji?
Yes.
It's good.
I should give this to them. I'm busy.
- This is for you. - Thank you.
You must cut it on the tray.
- Yes. - Yes.
(Seong Woo holds tissue underneath.)
(Daniel licks off.)
You're enjoying it.
(Jae Hwan makes a sound as he eats.)
This is really good.
How big is the pot supposed to be?
That's enough.
- I might not have a lid. Hold on. - I don't need a lid.
- You don't need it? - No.
It'll stink even more without a lid.
(Shocking)
I have this. Let's use this one.
Good. We're safe.
This is all we have, and you want to use that one?
This one has a lid.
(This one has a lid.)
- Let's use the one with the lid. - Okay.
Don't let them know. It's embarrassing.
Please don't tell them about this.
(He starts making cheonggukjang with a pot with a lid.)
(He puts in the cheonggukjang the boys brought.)
(He also adds a heaping spoonful of doenjang to enrich the flavor.)
(Now, he just needs to put in meat and tofu, then boil it.)
(Right, I must close the lid today.)
Oh, my. It smells very delicious.
It actually feels like someone lives here now, don't you think?
It feels like many people live here.
The cheonggukjang smells amazing.
- Doesn't it smell delicious? - It smells incredible.
Oh, my. I can smell cheonggukjang.
- The smell is... - Isn't it amazing?
Yes. My gosh.
(The smell is making me hungry again.)
(He came to the room to resist the temptation.)
(What?)
(This guy has actually...)
(been eating nonstop since arriving here.)
(He even ate 3 of the frozen mango dessert.)
(I'm still hungry.)
(My gullet is always open for more food.)
(And the ladies' hearts are open for him.)
(I finished it.)
[VIU Ver] E25 Outrageous Roommates
"Confessions & Cleanliness"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Mouth, open up. Here comes the fifth one.)
(The frozen mango desserts are gone.)
(Those in the kitchen are getting ready to grill meat.)
Put it in now.
Will we grill all of it at once?
- Yes, we will. - Gosh, all of it?
Hey, don't grill the whole thing at once.
(That doesn't look right.)
Divide it into two chunks.
No, we can grill it at once.
(The glutton comes out of the room as if nothing happened.)
That sight must've been a shock to you guys.
My family does the same thing.
Seriously?
(Nice, it was natural.)
- We'll grill the meat. - The meat?
- Yes. - Really? All right.
(The boys take charge.)
- I'll help you. - Thanks.
(Seong Woo and Jae Hwan grill the meat quickly.)
(If Jae Hwan cuts the meat,)
(Seong Woo does the same.)
(Their teamwork is impressive.)
(I've seen this on TV.)
Gosh, I can't believe that Wanna One is grilling meat at my place.
- I think it's all cooked. - The pieces right there are cooked.
The color tells me that they're cooked to perfection.
My gosh, this is grilled perfectly.
The ribs look good too.
(They sure love to eat.)
- I'm hungry. - I know, right?
I'm really hungry. I'm starving.
(Is it my turn now?)
(Daniel's kimchi fried rice is the main dish of the day!)
(He puts in all the veggies that he cut up.)
Kimchi.
(Seong Woo passes kimchi to him.)
I should cut this on the cutting board and put it in right away.
I should actually chop this.
(Kimchi must be chopped, not sliced.)
- Put kimchi in now. - Okay.
- Jae Hwan, do this for me. - All right.
(We didn't think he could do that.)
My gosh, you did it.
(Skillful)
Gosh, nice. Look at you with the wok.
(Smiling)
You must've worked at a restaurant.
(His skills made us curious about his past.)
(Now, he just needs to put in ham and rice.)
Oh, that. It's not coming out, right?
(It doesn't look like the ham will come out of the can.)
(Struggling)
Give it to me. Let me try.
(Jae Hwan's attempt fails too.)
What are you guys doing? It's not coming out?
Let me try.
(Jeong Soo used to be known for his strength back in the days.)
(The boys are watching.)
Let me try.
(But even Jeong Soo struggles.)
(Power up)
- Oh, it's working. It's coming out. - My gosh!
(I saw it! The ham really popped out of the can!)
Gosh, that made me so emotional.
I'm sure they were moved by it.
(This is what happens when guys hang out.)
By the way, I should call this "ham fried rice".
Putting in a lot of ham makes it tastier.
Gosh, hang on. This is too much.
Will it even fit in the frying pan?
That's a lot of rice. Just try putting in the whole thing.
(Rice)
- Exactly. - I think this is too big.
(He tastes the fried rice.)
How is it? It might be a bit bland.
- Yes, it's because of the kimchi. - I know.
Guys, the color needs to be appetizing.
Do you have sesame oil by any chance?
Of course. I have a ton of sesame oil.
Oh, nice.
(They put in a spoonful of sesame oil.)
Hey, shall we put in some gochujang?
Gochujang.
Squeeze it out.
Sesame oil made it taste better.
Olive oil. Put in more olive oil.
We have to make it delicious for Jeong Soo and Joong Wan.
We have to do our best to make sure this tastes good.
(Daniel's kimchi fried rice is starting to look delicious.)
- It's mouthwatering. - Oh, my gosh.
(Jae Hwan tastes it.)
(Daniel can't even look because he's nervous.)
- Try that too. - How is it?
- It's so good. - Is it good?
- It's really delicious. - Seriously?
Okay.
- We made this together. - Thanks.
- It's so good. - Nice!
(Daniel can finally smile again.)
Then shall we set the table now?
Gosh, I should bring out the bowls from England for you boys.
Bowls from England?
- That's probably it, right? - Yes.
(After bringing out the bowls one by one,)
(they're ready to eat.)
Guys, when the rice is ready,
an actress might show up.
So you guys should put out another empty bowl and spoon.
(It's false hope.)
We need to be ready at all times just in case.
You must still be disappointed.
Gosh, no. Not at all. I'm not disappointed.
I'll be exhausted if another guest shows up.
- Help me with this. - Okay.
(The absence of an actress has been forgotten about.)
- Okay. - Good.
Cheonggukjang should go here.
(They fill the table little by little.)
Jeong Soo, shall we eat together now?
- What a happy home. - This looks really good.
- I'm so happy right now. - Everything looks delicious.
It smells... Oh, my.
It even has meat.
- I crave this once in a while. - Me too.
This cheonggukjang has meat in it.
Just a little bit. That's enough.
Jeong Soo, the smell isn't too bad, right?
- You mixed it with doenjang, right? - Yes.
- Enjoy. - Thank you.
Enjoy.
(Jeong Soo starts eating first.)
(How is it?)
Try that first.
You're such a good cook. I'm really impressed.
No, no. Eat up.
It's because of the good ingredients.
It is really delicious. Can I be eating like this though?
I hope they don't ask me to eat things with them...
because I'm trying to lose some weight at the moment.
Don't you like to eat?
I do, of course.
Hey, the meat is really...
(Impressed)
- It's so good. - Yes!
(Everyone is impressed, and Joong Wan is proud.)
Well, we left a spot for one person.
What?
A female guest may join us later, you know.
- We should keep hoping. - Exactly.
All right.
(Daniel is busy eating.)
Seong Woo, this really is a home-cooked meal.
- This meets all the requirements. - This is how I like it.
- It did turn out well. - It's so good.
(The kimchi fried rice also suits everyone's taste.)
I divided the hamburg steak into six pieces, so bring your spoons here.
Okay.
I'll just use my hand.
It's so nice to eat with just guys.
It's really great! It's so much better than having a female guest.
Does everyone have a piece? Oh, six...
- All right, guys. - Yes.
I was a little nervous at the beginning because you guys...
- showed up out of the blue, - Right.
but I'm so happy to meet you all.
- Likewise. Thank you. - Thank you!
- Cheers! Be happy. - Cheers! Be happy.
- Happy New Year. - Happy New Year.
(He eats the hamburg steak too.)
I think I'll put on about 2kg after this.
(Why do people want to lose weight?)
(He eats a piece of meat...)
(and takes a bite of the fried rice.)
(Everyone is quietly...)
(inhaling the food.)
(There's a sound that breaks the silence.)
(Licking)
Men don't talk to each other when they eat.
- Oh, no. - What happened?
(Seong Woo got cheonggukjang on his clothes.)
I spilled it.
(Jeong Soo looks for his wet wipes.)
You should've been careful.
What did you spill?
Cheonggukjang.
You spilled cheonggukjang? I guess it'll stink for a while.
(He wipes harder to get rid of the smell.)
Bring the odor eliminating spray.
(Jeong Soo uses the same wet tissue...)
(to wipe his mouth.)
Hey, did you... Did you spill it on your pants?
Stay away from your fans today.
They'll be disappointed in you.
"Gosh, he stinks!"
(It's cheonggukjang. Don't get the wrong idea.)
Your fans will...
- It's nice to eat together. - Totally.
I think we ate way too quickly.
- Yes. Gosh, I ate too fast. - Aren't you guys dizzy?
Yes. I'm really dizzy right now.
This is what guys do. We eat quickly and get all dizzy.
- That's right. - After eating, every man should...
- Will you lie down right away? - Right now...
- I'll rest like this for a bit. - The world of men.
Welcome to the world of men.
- He's leaning on that thing too. - Yes, I am.
I'm pretending I'm not leaning, but I am indeed leaning back on this.
Gosh, I'm so comfortable now.
(They're experiencing the world of men.)
Are we going to go out, Jeong Soo?
We should.
Then give me my rent back.
Why should I?
I told you I'm moving out.
- What are you talking about? - I told you.
Just sleep here, then.
(What a fun sight.)
Hey. Once you give me money, it can never be returned.
I've already spent all of it.
Since the new year has just begun,
- Right, it's the new year. - we'll bow...
That's it. We should bow to him. Hey, it's perfect.
- Let's bow to Jeong Soo. - What's this nonsense? Don't.
- Let's do it. - No, no. I won't accept it.
- I said I don't want it. - Let's do it here.
Don't.
- Let us bow to you. - I don't want you to.
Why would you bow to me?
Please give us the rent back in return.
- No way. - Wanna One's bowing to you.
No. Please don't.
It's Wanna One who wants to bow to you.
It doesn't matter if it's Wanna One or Two Two.
- Two Two? - Why would you bow to me...
we're getting old together anyway.
- It's okay. - 1, 2, 3.
(1, 2, 3.)
- Happy New Year. - Happy New Year.
(Happy New Year.)
No, no.
I won't accept your bow.
Don't do that.
I can't believe him.
(He won't let them bow to him.)
Don't bow to me. Why would you?
I can't believe he's doing that not to return the money.
He just lied down.
That's ridiculous. You don't need to bow.
We're getting old together, aren't we?
(You win.)
- Now, let's... - Okay.
- pick the ones to scrub my back. - All right.
Let's play a game to pick two.
- Let's put the tables away. - Okay.
Move them as they are.
Lift it.
This is so much fun.
(Who will be the ones to scrub the back?)
(These three...)
(start to live together...)
(with swagger.)
(It gets hot from the beginning.)
(Their living together doesn't seem to be ordinary.)
(She introduces their room.)
(But the bathroom in that room is...)
(used as a storage now.)
(Since they ate something,)
(they try to clean it up,)
(but it is beyond their imagination.)
You're meticulous.
(Flustered)
First...
Please take them.
Anyway...
Eun Young, we'll clean it up.
Leave it to us, and you take some rest.
(Working hard)
- Should I take them to the rooftop? - Yes.
Is that the only place to store them in?
(The stuff from the bathroom should go to the rooftop.)
(2PM, the charismatic and sexy idol star...)
(mesmerizes fans on stages.)
(But today, they're just like porters.)
(Chan Sung comes up to the rooftop first.)
(He puts the first bag on the floor.)
This is not easy.
(It's tiring from the start.)
That looks so heavy... Gosh.
(Woo Young, the second porter, comes up next.)
Goodness.
(The bag seems to be full of stuff.)
(While Chan Sung and Woo Young are using their strength...)
Maybe she studied abroad.
I think so.
(Cheetah is filling in toiletries in the toilet cabinet.)
(She feels sorry to make them work hard.)
(I'm not familiar with this space.)
(They're not finished yet.)
Please do not fast-forward the tape.
You should air all the work we've been doing.
(Now that you've mentioned,)
(we're fast-forwarding the tape and showing all their work.)
Let me carry that.
(They worked so hard for a while.)
- Is this the last one? - Yes.
(While he's moving the last item,)
(he got caught by the doorknob.)
(Floundering)
(They're done with moving stuff after a lot of struggle.)
- It must have been hard. - Yes.
I'm sorry. You hate me, don't you?
Chan Sung struggled more than I did.
(Cheetah and Woo Young go up to the rooftop.)
- With this plastic bag... - Shall we cover them?
(Just in case it rains.)
Let's pile them up first.
(They're meticulous to the last touch.)
I think we should put this underneath like this.
- Please give it to me. - Or shall we wrap this way?
Give it to me.
- You should turn it around. - Turn it around.
(Wrapping the stuff carefully)
- No... Okay. - Like this.
And add this.
(Fixing it with the cat stroller)
- Let's fix it. - Park it.
What do you think?
It's good.
- Is it okay? - Yes.
- Are we done? - Yes, we are.
(Cheetah's stuff is wrapped carefully now.)
- It's done. - It is, right?
Yes.
(It's over. Let's go down.)
- Shall we go out? - Okay.
- Let's go out. - All right.
(The three housemates go out together.)
(They look like close friends from the same neighborhood.)
- Okay. - It's been a long time since you...
have gone to an LP bar, Chan Sung, right?
It's been a really long time.
Have you been there, Eun Young?
Yes. I know that place too. It's been a long time for me too.
I came here right after it opened,
- and I couldn't come... - Then...
it's almost one and a half year ago.
(They're following Woo Young, a regular here.)
(Cozy atmosphere...)
(with retro themes)
(Woo Young's favorite place for analog music)
(Woo Young's autograph proves he's a regular.)
He'll be so happy to see you.
(Screaming)
Chan Sung came too. Awesome.
(They gladly greet each other.)
- Hello. - Cheetah...
- Hi. - says she's been here too.
- Yes. She was here four times. - She was?
I remember her.
- Nice to see you. - You too.
It's been such a long time, Chan Sung.
(Chan Sung also seems to be a regular.)
I have my own playlist here.
Sure, you do.
It feels much warmer than before.
You mean the atmosphere? Isn't that right?
It's because the heater is on.
(What a flat joke.)
- There is Jin Young behind. - Hello.
(Park Jin Young's LP is displayed.)
"To Nichkhun"?
(To Nichkhun)
- What is that? - I don't know either.
- How come it's here? - It's Nichkhun's.
- Nichkhun's? - It's Nichkhun's,
but he hasn't come to collect it.
- He hasn't taken it yet? - No.
I kept it for him.
I've never seen an LP that's kept for someone.
You're right.
- Me neither. - I've seen liquor kept,
but not an LP.
This is the first time.
(Nichkhun, please take this soon. From Park Jin Young)
It's quite old.
- The drinks are here. - Thank you.
- The glasses are tall. - Thank you.
(They drink together for the first time.)
Let's have a drink.
(Gulping)
I almost drank all of it, you know?
Look at him.
Because he likes Maxwell.
(Gosh. This song is my favorite.)
This is for Chan Sung.
- He is quick-witted. - I love you.
- He is suddenly melting. - Goodness.
He is so quick-witted.
My spinal erector muscles are loosening now.
Incredible.
(Your expression is funny.)
This is really good.
Since it's been a long time...
- Why do you like Maxwell so much? - Well...
That man is...
- Do you like Maxwell Coffee too? - No.
That was surely funny.
(Woo Young lowers his head.)
You should be scolded for the lame joke.
I think I was attacked by Cheetah.
- It was like... - Good job.
- a cheetah slapping my cheek. - It was so hard.
- It's okay. - Goodness.
You're ignoring me now.
Are we going to everyone's favorite place tonight?
(It sounds good.)
Let's go to all the three places.
That's a nice place.
(Chan Sung suggests the idea on the spot.)
You can speak to me casually now. It's okay.
- It's all right. - Let's make it clear.
(They haven't decided how to address yet.)
It's okay to speak casually to us,
but you should decide if you'll treat him as an older guy or not.
You can call me by my first name.
- Chan Sung. - But when there are other people,
please don't call me, "hey".
Then should I call you Chan Sung?
- Yes. It's okay. - Then I sound like an older one.
- Do you think so? - You don't look younger than us.
Wait. I think you're picking a fight now.
(Looking away)
- Then... - We're all on the same level.
Yes, we are.
Is it because we're about the same age?
I think we speak the same language.
When Cheetah came here last time,
she was quite drunk.
She asked me to play a sad song sung by a female singer,
so I played this one.
- He remembers everything. - He does.
I do.
(This is the stool she was sitting on.)
Usually, those who sit over there...
have sad stories inside.
(A woman who had a sad story inside)
- Over there. - The bar stools?
- Yes. - I see.
- Are you going to do headbanging? - I was sitting like this.
- Wait. - Hold on.
- She's going to reenact. - Was this your pose?
- Was it? - I think I can suddenly remember.
You can sit over here for a moment.
I'm okay these days though.
Why? I don't need to sit over there.
- "I'm okay." - I'm fine.
I don't have a sad story inside these days.
Why do you think you liked this song?
(Well...)
Because the music was like touching me.
Oh, my.
(Oh, my.)
(Their eyes are shaking recklessly.)
- It was like hugging me. - Saying it's okay?
(We knew that's what you meant too.)
That was quite a poetic expression.
It was like touching her.
(Realizing it is poetic a little later)
I used to do ballet...
when I was in elementary school.
When you were in elementary school?
And then you became a rapper later?
After that, I started to sing.
With other aspiring singers,
I performed on the streets.
Together with other musicians,
I sang and danced on stage.
Then I had an accident,
and I had a hard time because I was badly hurt.
So I took some time to rest,
and turned into a rapper.
As a matter of fact,
your voice was...
She let me listen to the song she was working on.
When I listened to it, I was very surprised.
It was different from what I had seen on TV.
- Right. - So...
isn't it all right for you to sing?
It's okay now.
- Now? - I'm not good enough anymore.
- That's not true. - I'm not as good as before.
I'd really like my music...
to be of comfort and encouragement...
to someone...
- like it did a while ago. - Right.
- You can do it. - I'd really want that.
It will be.
It sure will be.
- Is that right? - Right.
Release a new album already.
Once it gets released,
we'll help you promote it.
(Touched)
We will for certain.
(Because we're housemates.)
(The three housemates become united with music.)
He's playing music for us.
It's nothing special.
(DJing)
You know what this song is, right?
"Good Times".
It was so famous.
(It makes them groove to the music.)
(Dancing)
I should do something like this. Are you having fun?
A cup of soda for table one.
You need to do this.
(Our DJ is playful.)
This song is for Cheetah.
(Next song is for Cheetah.)
I should get ready.
This?
I told you she'd stand up.
(She can't help but stand up after listening to this familiar intro.)
You know this.
It feels like La Canada, right?
- Shake, shake. - This is it.
(Let's go.)
(She's immersed in her dancing.)
(Dancing together)
She's got moves.
(Her dancing spirit explodes all of a sudden.)
Shake it.
(Like this?)
She's got moves.
Goodness.
Even after years.
(She's a bit embarrassed.)
It's been such a long time, right?
(He comes back to his place after bringing up the mood.)
- Shall we get things started? - Let's go.
- Let's get it. - Let's go.
(Flowing with the beat)
Cheers.
Thank you.
(Chan Sung with the groove)
(Cheetah with a lot of stories behind her)
(And DJ Woo Young with tacky jokes)
(Their night is unstoppable.)
I visit this place about five days a week.
The music is on in this place as well.
What a nice mood.
(Cheetah recommends this place.)
It has a nice mood.
- It's great here. - I know.
This looks dangerous.
You'll be surprised when you taste this.
Gosh, the scent of truffles.
(Mixing it nicely)
I can smell truffles.
What scent? Truffle?
(What do you think?)
(Slurping)
It's good.
It's no joke.
(Proud)
(Food is one thing.)
Can't you show us how you groove? What you showed us a while ago.
I only did this a while ago.
Forget it.
(Don't be like this.)
I won't leave unless I see how she dances.
Please don't.
- If you're like this, - What?
- it'll be uncomfortable for me. - I'll dance too.
I'll dance too.
- You heard her, right? - What?
You just need to make her feel comfortable.
Okay.
Dance to the rhythm already.
(She feels extremely uncomfortable.)
(They're helpless.)
Take it easy.
Sir, can you play some fast songs?
- Something groovy. - Goodness.
Let's go.
- Let's do it one by one. - All right.
- Well... - Let's play rock-paper-scissors.
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Let's dance in turns.
The loser will dance first.
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Rock-paper-scissors.
(Woo Young wins.)
(Screaming)
- Rock-paper-scissors. - Rock-paper-scissors.
(Cheetah loses.)
- Wait. - That's it.
5, 4, 3, Woo Young.
(Surprised)
Woo Young.
(Sexy)
Hold on. Hold on. Goodness.
I'm in love with your body
(Oh my goodness.)
(Enticing)
Gosh, this customer...
(She shows off her fatal charms.)
(Exclaiming)
(They're like two loud sirens.)
(She waves her hand in a sexy manner.)
(Her sexy dance was hot.)
4, 3, 2, 1.
(Next is Woo Young's turn.)
(Feeling the groove)
(His dance moves are restrained.)
(He gives a relaxed smile.)
(Keeping the vibe,)
(Chan Sung takes his last turn.)
(Shouting)
(Go for it!)
(His dance moves are energetic.)
Yea, I feel it coming.
It's fabulous.
He's dancing purely out of excitement.
It's like a performance art.
(Performer Chan Sung's elegant dance moves...)
(go well with any kind of music.)
(They finish showing off their dance moves.)
- What are you saying? - Good job.
(Let's have some real fun now.)
(They dance like they'll take over the beat.)
(Let's have fun together, baby.)
(It's the best free-style housemates ever.)
(They visit Chan Sung's regular place last.)
It's been such a long time to visit here for me too.
It's so fun.
Gosh, Cheetah.
It's great.
(The youth never gets tired.)
Goodness.
Chan Sung has his schedule tomorrow,
- so let's end our night here. - Really?
- Then... - Shall we say cheers?
- Shall we? - Shall we?
- Did you mean by this? - Yes.
(They're just like neighborhood friends now.)
(They've agreed to end their night,)
(but as they keep on laughing and talking.)
(They continue enjoying their night.)
(They don't realize the time passing as their night deepens.)
(They arrive home after 3am.)
(They get ready to go to bed.)
Gureum.
(Cheetah has a cotton pad on her hand.)
(She calmly removes her makeup.)
(She washes her face.)
I'm doomed.
(Whatever)
Gosh. Hello, Eun Young.
Well, it's...
It's nice to meet you.
- Don't stare at me. - Well...
What?
It's not so different.
It's not the same either, is it?
What?
Of course, it's not.
- I see no bubble, but it's working? - Yes.
- Well... - Have you seen Eun Young?
No.
- Have you? - No, I haven't.
Who is she? Is she your friend?
- Why is she here all of a sudden? - She's Eun Young's sister.
Eun Young doesn't have any siblings.
No.
- I think she's... - It's funny.
(Pretending to throw it)
Goodness, it surprised me.
Is she in the room?
When will Eun Young come home by the way?
(When will Eun Young come home by the way?)
Oh, yes.
He's coming. Be quiet for a second.
- What? - Quiet.
Tanyang is coming out.
- Is he? - Yes, wait.
- Quiet. - He's out.
Tanyang, you're finally out.
- He's out. - Come here.
Awesome.
- Goodness, you cutie pie. - He looks like something.
Gosh, he's heavy.
- It's our chance to get close. - Tanyang.
- Hi, Tanyang. - Hi.
He's finally out.
Will there be something I can win points from him?
Just come out.
(He continues showing his foolish side.)
How can I win points from him?
He must not like this.
(Woo Young keeps on trying to win points.)
(Friendly)
Eun Young, how can I win his favor?
- Okay, I won't do it. - He doesn't like it.
I won't do it.
Eun Young, how can I win his favor?
- Okay, I won't do it. - He doesn't like it.
- I won't do it. - Okay.
Eun Young.
Open that thing on the far right.
- Here? - Are we bothering you?
- This? - He's going back in.
Yes.
He smelled it. He heard the sound.
Okay.
Open it.
(If you guys come to me suddenly...)
- My gosh. - Wait, hang on.
It's...
- Oh, my. - They're so cute.
Guys, this one came out too. He came out.
It looks like he's made up his mind to come out.
Call him like this. "Tanyang."
Tanyang, Tanyang.
(You're now watching housemates giving treats to their cats at 3am.)
You won't eat this?
Chubs, why didn't you come out sooner?
- I'm glad you finally came out. - Why?
You're a funny one.
I'm happy you finally came out. I'm going to bed now.
Chubs ate the treats.
I'm... Gosh, my legs.
I have to wake up early.
I'll go... I mean, I'll get some sleep now.
It doesn't look like they'll go back under the couch now.
They've decided to come out.
Let's go to bed.
- All right, let's sleep. - Good night.
- Bye, guys. - Good night.
- Bye-bye. - Bye.
(They're tired because they had too much fun today.)
(She flops into her bed.)
(Next Episode Preview)